well Israeli forces are facing renewed
criticism over their treatment of
detainees after video emerged of
Palestinians stripped to their underwear
and rounded up in Gaza well for more on
this let's go to sard haat who's live
for us in Tel Aviv and sard this is
another video of Palestinian men and
boys being held prisoner being stripped
of their clothes what has the reaction
been like
there yeah that's right as you said a
humiliating once again for Palestinians
that already feel that they are
constantly humiliated even before uh
this war on Gaza not only in Gaz but
also in the occupied territories now in
terms of this video this is the second
one in the space of a few weeks a couple
of weeks ago a video was released that
caused International outrage there was
an outpouring of anger towards uh seeing
these videos showing Palestinian men
young and old and clearly those that
weren't able to walk easily because of
their age being made and forced to sit
down uh in just their underwear when
they were questioned about the weather
when one of the uh media channels
International media channels asked them
about you know the fact that it's all so
cold at the moment um they said that the
cold weather here is not as cold as
anywhere else in the world and really um
then said that this wasn't their
material that they would ensure that
videos like this wouldn't uh be filmed
because this does uh uh any videos of uh
prisoners of War does go against the
international uh uh laws and Geneva
Convention uh and they said they would
ensure that this wouldn't happen again
well of course another video has been
released showing uh similar scenes this
time in a football uh Stadium you can
see there that they are made uh to uh
stand there in rows with distance
between them and the reason why the
Israelis gave it last time why they had
stripped them down to their underwear
where is that they said it was to ensure
that they didn't have explosives on them
but there's a multitude of problems here
not only as I was saying that it goes
against International laws to film them
in the first place or even take uh
photos uh but also it's the fact that
they treat the Palestinians as if all of
them are Hamas so there is already a
sense that uh those that are being
treated this way are being treated as if
they are criminals including uh children
this is what happened last time and last
time when the video was released you had
Palestinians in Gaza recognizing some of
those in those videos and saying this
isn't even possible some of these were
kids some of them were underage so that
just shows you more video evidence there
uh and it will be interesting to see
whether it will receive any
International reaction again okay thanks
so much s s Hideout for us in Tel
Aviv